We welcome you back to the third day of hearings in Red Deer, Alberta, the National
Citizens' Inquiry.
Our next guest is Jay Kuey.
Jay, can you hear me?
I can, yes, sir.
And thank you for joining us today.
I'd like to start by asking you to state your full name for the record, spelling your
first and last name.
My name is Jonathan Kuey, J-O-N-A-T-H-A-N, last name Kuey, C-O-U-E-Y.
And Jay, do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
I do.
Now my understanding is you can be described as an academic neurobiologist, and you've
been doing that for about 20 years before the pandemic.
That's correct.
I lost my position as an academic biologist as a result of taking a stand against the
transfection and masking in 2020.
Right.
You went against the narrative and lost your teaching position at the School of Medicine
at Pittsburgh University.
Yeah, I was a research assistant professor, which means I was in the lab all the time.
I taught only as an extra side thing.
Right.
Okay.
I'm teaching immunology and biology.
Yes, just online, and I consult for a couple of people as well to make a little extra on
the side.
Yep.
Okay.
We've entered your CV as Exhibit RE11, and you've been invited here today because you've
got a hypothesis to speak of, and my understanding is you have a presentation, so I'm just going
to invite you to launch into your presentation and share with us your hypotheses.
Thank you very much.
I'm really pleased to hear previous witnesses pointing out so clearly that the principle
of informed consent has been ignored for the duration of the pandemic.
I want to point out that the last witness was very good at pointing out that you need
to be able to say no.
You do not have the possibility of exercising informed consent if no is not an option.
And the principle of informed consent from the perspective of me as a biologist, it requires
that you understand.
And I would argue that you can't really understand the coronavirus pandemic given the biology
that we have been provided with over the last three years on television and social media.
And because of the lack of the proper understanding of this biology across our medical communities
in America and Canada and all over the world, doctors aren't even able to enable people
to exercise informed consent because they themselves don't have the requisite knowledge.
So these are the two topics I'd like to cover quickly tonight and then open for questions.
The endemic hypothesis and infectious clones defined.
I would like to put everybody on the same page by first just stating something that I
want to justify through the rest of this talk.
The TV algorithms and the NIH and CDC and all of these organizations like the who have
convinced us that coronaviruses are a source of pandemic potential and that this pandemic
potential can be accessed through cell culture passage with a relatively benign virus being
turned into a pandemic potential virus.
There's also the idea that you can passage it in animals and make it from a relatively
safe virus to one that is pandemic potential.
And the latest addition to this mythology is the idea that clever scientists can stitch
together the right combination of genes.
And then these viruses can circle the globe for three years and do what we call pandemic.
I believe that this mythology has been created over the last 20 or more years, especially
with regard to coronavirus with the idea of us having to surrender our individual sovereignty
and a global inversion from freedom to some kind of fascism where you must have permission
to do everything.
This mythology, I'm going to argue in this talk is wholly unsupported by what we know
about RNA versus DNA replication possibilities and also just the behavior of these entities
that we are now calling RNA viruses in this talk.
Not coronavirus, we're just saying RNA viruses so we make that distinction.
So to put everybody on the same page, I just want to get everybody aware of where the endemic
hypothesis fits in, Tony Fauci would have you to believe that in 2018 above my head
there was no coronavirus 2019 in September at some point, a coronavirus was released
in Wuhan and something like the fuse of a firecracker, it went around the earth and
spread in many different directions, eventually became alpha, beta, delta, and eventually
omicron in South America, South Africa, which then took over the globe.
And now we are on some ancestral version, our next ancestor of, or descendant of rather,
of omicron.
In this model, the earth remains green because there were no health problems before the pandemic
and no health problems were caused by the lockdowns, the protocols of the vaccines.
Without those changes, many more millions of people would have died.
In this scenario, we have defeated epidemics in the past with vaccination.
National coronaviruses can jump from species and go around the world, they can pandemic.
False positives are rare because PCR is good and specific and variants are evidence of
both spread and the continued evolution of a single pathogen.
We spend money studying viruses using gain of function research.
This is the basic TV narrative on one side.
And the what they would like you to fight about really is whether or not it was a natural
virus that just happened to fall out of a cave and get on to a train and a plane or
if it was a mistake made in a laboratory by some very arrogant scientist who either took
a lot of virus out of the wild and then infected his local town or a city or that they even
worse made something in a laboratory that otherwise wouldn't have existed.
But again, green earth, there are no health problems.
And then the pandemic comes along and here we are.
Same difference.
The virus spreads, it changes to Omicron, it takes over the world and now we're at a
new version of Omicron taking over the planet.
In this scenario, again, the lockdowns don't have to have heard anyone, vaccines can have
saved lives, the protocols were the best they could do and the same thing holds true for
all of these things.
We use vaccination to defeat epidemics in the past, novel coronaviruses can jump from
the wild, PCR works great, variants are evidence of spread, and we spend money on gain of
function research.
You can tweak this one a little bit if you want and say that the lockdowns and the EUAs
caused some excess deaths, but the majority of people still died from a virus.
And so there are many different ways to tweak this narrative.
Another way that this narrative has been tweaked is that there are no viruses at all,
that measles doesn't exist, that there was never a coronavirus, that everything is a lie.
This is of course not very, it's not very acknowledging of what we know of all of the
molecular biological techniques and the synthetic viruses and clones that they can make.
So there are these entities and we have studied them for a long time and I think this scenario
is one of those traps, so you have three traps here.
You have a natural virus, you have a lab leak virus and you have absolutely no viruses at
all.
And none of those three encompass the true biology that we knew already for basically the duration
of modern medicine.
If you go before the pandemic into a medical textbook and look up coronaviruses, they will
tell you that between 25 and 35% of all respiratory disease without a known cause is thought to
be caused by coronaviruses, of which there may be up to 200 varieties which circulate
in humans.
And now instead of this being the baseline, we start with a baseline where there are coronaviruses.
And then in 2019, it doesn't even matter.
Was there a release?
Was it a natural one?
Did a few people get sick in Wuhan?
It doesn't matter because the PCR can't differentiate between any of these coronaviruses.
This is the illusion that they've placed on you because all they needed to do was accentuate
different coronaviruses found in the background and claim a phylogenetic progression.
It means wizardry, but it is one of the only ways in which this molecular signal will
be shared so beautifully.
The lockdown's protocols, vaccines account for the total excess deaths in the pandemic.
There nothing unusual happened until we stopped treating respiratory disease the usual way.
The interesting thing about this endemic background hypothesis is, is that the PCR's
are not having false positives in the way that you think all the time.
Yes, you can overcycle a PCR test.
But if the background is hot for homologous genes from endemic coronaviruses, that they
are pretending are not there.
You have a situation where a vast majority of the good positives are still picking up
background coronavirus and not whatever they purport to have been released.
Now, Jay, can I just interrupt you just to make sure that people understand what you're
saying is what you're saying is, is there are a number of coronaviruses that we just
live with and have lived with all our lives and that the PCR test is not specific to what
governments call COVID-19.
The PCR test is just testing for genetics that are already in this background of coronaviruses
that we live with.
Is that what you're saying?
I'm saying that yes, that that is the scientific literature at this stage, the ability to pinpoint
a particular coronavirus is not a level of fidelity that they had before the pandemic.
And there's no reason to believe from looking at any of the PCR tests and the primers that
they've put forward, that they've come up with a unique and highly specific PCR test
that can differentiate between one coronavirus and the hundreds of others that are in the
background and rare.
Okay.
So sorry for interrupting.
I just thought that was important for people to understand.
Absolutely.
It's not a problem at all.
Additional harms were also caused by the response of including the lockdown, including
use of specific agents like Madaz Lam and Ramdesivir.
The point of this theory is to show and this hypothesis is to remind everyone that your
gut feeling that the PCR test was one of the primary ways that the hood was pulled over
our eyes.
You are absolutely correct.
And the one trick that they still have up their sleeve is the idea that there was a novel
virus for which you had no previous immunity, even in the worst case scenario here.
Where there is a release from a laboratory, you still would have had previous T cell and
B cell immunity from previous coronaviruses because of the homology between these genes
had a great chance of overlapping.
And so the concept of this being a novel virus is also canceled out in this hypothesis.
It's not possible.
And people were making that argument in 2020 from March on and they were just ignored.
Mike Yeiden is one of them.
So if we move forward then, let's think about how this could be possible.
In the United States, the total number of deaths is in sky blue here behind my head.
And the number of pneumonia deaths is in light blue down here in the bottom and I hope
you can see this arrow.
The very yellow at the bottom here are identified flu virus deaths.
And so what you see here at this part is the beginning of the pandemic.
This is 2014 to the pandemic.
And what you see is although year on year seems like we got pneumonia under control.
Remember ladies and gentlemen, these are pneumonia deaths.
Many, many, many more people get pneumonia, but don't die.
And then suddenly after 2014, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 20, what do I mean, what?
Up to three times as many people in the United States started dying of pneumonia in a way
that they've never done before.
And that is a number of deaths which correlates precisely with any possible, any possible excess
deaths.
It is extraordinary really that this correlation is so high and people have still, still ignored
it.
And I know everybody here is familiar with Denny Rancor's work and he has done an excellent
job of dissecting how the all-cause mortality in America was organized in different places
around different times.
And John Bodman is another researcher in the United States who's done excellent work correlating
these new causes of death and what happened during the beginning of the pandemic was simply
a mismanagement of respiratory disease in hospitals.
And it's been done with one particular methodology, right?
They said there was a dangerous novel virus, it could be detected by a PCR test.
And they correlated that PCR test with detrimental health protocols where they took away antibiotics
from people who probably should have just had antibiotics.
They didn't allow people to be treated with repurposed drugs and instead insisted on remdesivir.
They ventilated people to prevent spread.
And these detrimental health protocols were encouraged by giving hospitals $35,000 a patient
that got on a vent.
That enabled a larger portion of all-cause mortality than PNI, that's pneumonia and
influenza, to be prioritized as a national security threat.
That's what you're referring to.
Your previous speakers are referring to when they say that this is a military operation.
This was identified as a national security threat caused by a novel virus.
Therefore, we could execute a plan that we had and it is still in motion.
My argument would be that if you need a molecular signature which would have seeded
this event around the world, it could not have been a point release of a coronavirus
because its genetic signature would have changed sufficiently in different directions around
the world so that none of this uniformity in variants could have ever occurred.
And yet somehow or another, we are told this story of a clean progression of variants
around the world sweeping, sweeping, sweeping in these waves and colors.
There's no precedence, none, zero precedence in biology for any phenomenon of an RNA virus
to do such a thing.
And yet without any questioning at all, we just took it.
And I'm saying to you now that I think the only way this could have happened is if they
purposefully planted these molecular signatures in the places that they were going to blame
and call part of the pandemic because a natural coronavirus swarm cannot do this.
And then the goal again is to a total surrender of individual sovereignty and removing these
basic human rights granted permissions.
The way that they did it with four basic ideas, they did it by changing the way you think
about respiratory disease, we just got through saying that there used to be hundreds of causes
of respiratory disease.
And now we have all basically saying it's either not that one or it's that one.
They also changed how we think about all cause mortality.
That's why I show you that picture with the blue and the blue because in America, we never
saw the light blue.
Nobody ever looked at all cause mortality and said, okay, let's put this in perspective.
We're in America.
Three million people die every year.
Nobody said that.
Nobody told us that every week between 50 and 70,000 Americans die.
So when they say that, wow, a thousand people died of COVID, it sure sounds crazy.
Then they changed how we think about our immune response to disease.
This was very diabolical because it was part of the way that they sold us on the shot.
Antibodies are what you need.
They had to change the way you think about your immune response to a respiratory disease.
And then they changed the way they think about vaccination so that you don't question
the applicability of transfection for immunization.
That's what these are.
These are transfections.
Everybody should be calling them that because this technology has been around for more than
two decades and it's never been called anything else.
That's why I originally got in trouble with my job and lost got too much attention was
because of speaking out about transfection because I used it on mice for many, many years.
So after they changed their mind about these four basic biological principles, they were
able to ventilate people to prevent spread.
They used remdesivair and medazolam to kill old people and young.
They untreated bacterial pneumonia went up by at least three to four times, shutting
down schools, masking children, and social distancing, even people who were married for
50 years and let them die apart.
And at the same time in Scientific American, the who just recently in March put out an
article which stated, of course, masks, I mean, sorry, mRNA vaccines are safe, powerful,
and effective.
Those are exact words, masks work, indoor air quality matters, wastewater tracking is useful.
And genomic surveillance is key.
They are doing exactly what they planned.
They are going in exactly the direction that they planned to go.
So they haven't wavered at all.
So how can we get them to?
How can I help you rather to understand this endemic hypothesis and what it really means?
Think you got to understand the infectious cycle and the infectious clone and what it
is.
So that's what we're going to do here and then I'll be done.
The infectious cycle is depicted in this cartoon here.
They have a viral particle.
It binds to its receptor.
It comes into the cell and releases its RNA and then the RNA needs to get translated into
proteins and then those proteins start copying the RNA into different segments.
And then this long genomic RNA gets packaged into new viruses and those new viruses go
out into the wild to infect other people.
We've seen lots of versions of this cartoon in all of the news programs.
You may have even seen a cartoon where they show you in three dimensions, the RNA and
the end protein and the imagination of the viral particle and the formation of the full
variant inside of an endosome.
But this is a lot of hand waving in terms of what they know about what happens here and
they know about what the fidelity of this is all hand waving because up until now these
are RNA viruses.
The only way to look at them is to use reverse transcriptase to turn them into DNA and then
do PCR.
And once you do that, you really only find what you're looking for because your PCR is
pulling up things that are specific for the primers.
So if you don't choose the primers correctly, you're not going to see everything that's
here.
So up until this stage, it's pretty hard for them to say, you know, what are these viruses
that get produced look like?
How many of them are they, how uniform are they?
What is the genetic variation between the particle that you get infected with and the
particles that get produced by supposedly the hundreds or the thousands during infection?
And so if I simplify this a little bit, the TV and Fauci has told you that you get infected
with the coronavirus, the coronavirus goes into your lungs, it makes copies of itself.
And if it makes too many copies of itself, you start coughing those out on people around
you and then they also get sick from the variant that you're sick with.
That's why all these virions are yellow.
The question is, why do they have so much trouble culturing these viruses?
You're going to hear a lot of people say, well, they don't have trouble culturing, but
they do have to use a 96 well plate and they look for psychopathic effects and they might
find it in two wells and then they call that a viral isolate.
They can do a PCR test on that, maybe find an E protein, well, see now there's definitely
a coronavirus there.
That's the isolate, that's culturing.
It's not like growing mushrooms and then you grow some more and give them to your friends
so they can grow them or give them a tomato cutting or say give them a couple breeding
pair of mice so that they can have the same mice that your laboratory invented.
If you find a novel coronavirus, the only thing you can do to share it with somebody
is to give them the sequence because you can never grow enough coronavirus from a magic
bat swab to let's say divide it between four labs and let them do their thing with it.
That's not how RNA viruses work.
Unfortunately, not very many virologists are adequately informed of the limitations of
their work.
A lot of them are not adequately informed about how this is a particular limitation in coronavirus.
The reason why this is is because a large majority, if not the vast majority of the
particles that are produced during a coronavirus infection are in fact replication incompetent.
What that means is they have a mistake, they're missing genes, their genome did not get completely
run but it still got packaged and so even though they look like a virus, when they bind
to the next cell and release their contents in there, those contents won't have all the
doodads and gazoos ready to go, all the genes present in order to make copies of itself.
Therefore, in the cartoon above my head, it now becomes more obvious why it's difficult
to culture coronaviruses because not all the particles that you detect that might be
PCR positive for an end protein are going to be infectious.
Now, you might think who words you learn that?
In most cases, a large fraction, if not the majority of the virus particles that are produced
are defective.
Then I get it produces viruses, but in most cases, a large fraction, if not the majority
of the virus particles that are produced are defective, then I get for anything.
So I learned it from Robert Malone, but once you know this, you can go back into the literature
before 2020, before they were trying to obfuscate all this lack of fidelity and you can see
them plainly complain about it.
In fact, describe looking for coronaviruses using pan-coronavirus, PCR primers because
it's very, very difficult to find a particular coronavirus.
And so the people that have known this, everybody knows this, but this all started way back
in the 80s with Vincent Rancid Yellow and David Baltimore because they did this technique
with the folio virus.
But since then, almost everybody that works on coronaviruses, from coronaviruses in plants,
in salmon, in mice, it doesn't matter.
They never start with a wild sample that they went deep into the forest to get.
They start with a sample that they cloned.
So what does that mean?
Well, as I explained, the wild virus here depicted as a cassette tape is lacking fidelity
because DNA versus RNA, basically you can copy DNA because it's double stranded.
You can also check and proofread it.
And there are a whole host of secondary enzymes that are very good optimized at doing that.
With RNA, because it's single stranded, although it is purported that there is proofreading
in coronaviruses, the biology of coronaviruses requires them to be able to have a certain
mutation rate.
And even more, it requires a regular recombination rate because of the subgenomic RNA production.
Therefore, there is a great fraction because of errors in recombination, because of shortened
genomes, which are called defective genomes when in other viruses, where you get essentially
a large portion that are replication incompetent.
But when you use PCR to sequence this group of viruses that you might find in a bat, you
can get a consensus sequence, and that consensus sequence can be translated into DNA.
And you can think of that as a CD, and you can make lots of copies of a CD because CDs
are digital.
And DNA can kind of be thought of high fidelity like that.
You know, one in a million bases is a mistake, maybe even less than that.
And so if you use bacteria, you can actually make a bunch of this CD.
You can make a bunch of this CD in a bacterial culture, and keep in mind, this is exactly
how they make the RNA for the shot.
They make a circular DNA.
It encodes the spike protein RNA, and they make lots of copies of that DNA in a bacterial
culture, and then they add an RNA polymerase, and that produces the genomic RNA, or for
the shot, it would produce the spike RNA.
And that spike RNA that needs to be separated from that plasmid DNA before they injected
in your kids, but apparently they didn't do that very well.
Now this process here, very similar, you use circular DNAs to encompass the entire genome
of the coronavirus.
You add RNA polymerase to make lots of RNA copies of that same clone.
One sequence, that's it.
It's not going to be perfect, but let's say the RNA polymerase is pretty good.
So you know, most of these are going to be fairly long transcripts, and they're all going
to be the transcript that you built out of this DNA.
Then you take that and you use electricity, or a centrifuge, or any other number of ways.
You take that pure genomic RNA for that virus, and you put it in a cell culture, and then
what that cell culture makes will make animals sick.
What that cell culture makes will cause cytopathic effects, and you can do plaque assays and
all that stuff.
But you can always send the DNA, you can always send the DNA to your friends.
You can put the DNA in the freezer, you can print the DNA, you can order it from companies.
You can order these five plasmids from companies, and they'll print them right up, and then
you put them in your bacteria and grow as many liters as you want, and then convert that
liters to as much RNA as you care to make over and over again.
This is gain of function, not the mixing and matching, not going into bad caves.
It's making pure versions of what they detect in the wild using PCR and sequencing.
This is how they get around it.
This is how RNA virology is done, and especially coronavirus biology, and Ralph Barrack's lab
is famous for the techniques that are necessary to assemble these long genomes and produce
infectious clones that can be used in laboratories.
So the point is, is that if we could do that, right, we can look at this, we can ask ourselves
what kind of viruses are produced.
Can we look at that infectious versus non-infectious, can we look at that fraction and see it up
until now?
It's been very hard because we use PCR, which means we have to convert these RNAs to DNAs,
and then we have to amplify them up, and then all the fractions and all of the relationships
between which was more abundant is lost.
So they have recently come up with a way of doing it where they can sequence the RNA
directly, which means that they can just look at, well, are you going to take all the viruses
that are supposed to be in this culture, and we're going to dump them through a nanopore,
and we're going to see how many of these different RNAs we find.
So in a virus, when the virus makes copies of itself, it makes copies of the whole genome,
which is 30,000 bases long, but it also makes skip copies with a leader sequence that then
skip down to these TRSB sequences and make what is called subgenomic RNA, and these subgenomic
RNAs turn out to be several orders of magnitude more abundant than the genomic RNA, which should
be the RNA that gets packaged in the new viruses and sent out to infect other cells.
So if we use a clone of SARS-CoV-2, and we put it in a cell culture and we watch it replicate,
what we see is 400 to 600,000 copies of the end protein, I think I got one more click here.
No, I don't. So I'm going back, sorry about that. I thought this zoomed in a little bit,
but it doesn't. So here you can see on this map, they're doing coverage of the genome here on the
bottom. You don't have to look at these two on the bottom. I should have covered these up.
We're just looking at this 1B-B figure right here. This is the genome on the bottom,
nucleotide zero to 30,000. And as this black line rises, they find more sequences of this part
of the genome. And so it's way down here at under 1,000 over here. And it starts to rise,
the S protein is above 50,000. And then we get up to 200,000 with the E and the M. And then we
get up above 400 to 600,000 with the end protein. So 600,000 copies of the subgenomic RNA for the
end protein. And how many copies of the full genome did they find? The longest tags correspond
to the full length genomic RNA, and they found 111. 111 whole genomes, and about 600,000 copies
of the end protein, and thousands of copies of these other subgenomic RNAs. So interestingly,
this is this breakdown where you have hundreds of thousands of these subgenomic RNAs and only a
handful of whole genomes that are supposed to be the new infectious virus that you've been
culturing. This has been known for decades. Ever since they've been able to isolate the RNA
from a picture like this, or purporting to isolate the RNA, corresponding to a picture like this,
when they try to isolate these viruses here, they don't find a pure, you know, these are all
really long genomes that we sort through them and sequence there's never been an experiment done
like that. When they do this, they find this crazy ratio of almost no genomes, and thousands
and thousands of copies of these partial subgenomic RNAs. Now, the argument that the virologist will
make is that you need a lot more N protein and S protein and M protein in order to package
new virus. And so that's why you need hundreds of thousands of those RNAs and only a handful
of the full genome. But that still doesn't jive with the known amount of not infectious particles
that the right side of virology often will acknowledge. So again, if you look at this,
and you think about what's really being packaged here, they have none experimental evidence that
it's only full genomes being packaged and in fact by the abundance of the RNA,
by what they found in all previous experiments, it's very likely that the vast majority of the
particles that are produced are having incomplete genomes, if not even subgenomic RNA. So just to
be sure, you don't think I'm crazy right before the pandemic, they did this with a human coronavirus
called 229E. They made a clone of it. They grew it in a cell culture. They did exactly the same
measurement. Here's the entire genome on the bottom. Here's 10 to the fourth, 10 to the fifth of N
protein, and then all the way down here, if you look at the last figure of the paper, you find
that they found two whole genomes in that clone, two. So we're not getting thousands of viral
particles being produced when we when we do these culture experiments. And I think coronavirus
people have known this for some time, and they just kind of hand wave it, because here's a paper
from 2001, where you can see the full genome is barely a ghost. And the N protein and the E protein
and the S, these guys are gigantic overexposed plots. So they've known that this ratio occurs
no matter how they set up these clones, no matter how they do it, they know that these partial genomes
get packaged since before the eighties and nineties they've been looking at the replication and
packaging of coronavirus infectious bronchitis, defective RNAs. It's essentially how come there's
so many of these, these viruses that just have like junk or, or partial, what we thought were
the genome of these, that's because that's the way this works. That's the best fidelity that these
things are able to serve from our own cells machinery. Here's a paper from 2023,
acknowledging the generation and functional analysis of defective viral genomes during SARS-CoV-2
infection. Those are not infectious particles. And if you read this paper here, right here in
the importance, defective viral genomes are generated ubiquitously in many RNA viruses,
including SARS-CoV-2, their interference activity to full length viruses, and interferon stimulation
provide potential for them to be used in novel antiviral therapies and vaccines. This has been
known for some time in flu, although the flu field seems to like to ignore this.
So infectious clones defined is simply put that RNA viruses are tricky. They've been very hard to
understand and study because they are often only observable as what is an indirect shadow of a
genetic signature found through reverse transcriptase PCOM. And that ability, or lack of ability,
lack of fidelity has opened this door for people to say that, look, they haven't isolated the virus.
The isolation doesn't work. These experiments are nonsense. Therefore, there are no viruses at all.
And this is a very, very dangerous place for us to be. We need to wake up and realize that we've
never really understood coronaviruses with the fidelity portrayed on television. We've never
been able to tractably manipulate them in the lab the way it's been portrayed on television.
And they certainly do not travel the globe in the fidelity that has been travel portrayed on
television. So has it actually been cultured just to address this quick before we stop?
Let's look at this paper. This paper actually became famous because a correlation between
3,790 quantitative polymerase chain reaction positive samples and positive cell cultures.
It says here that up to the end of May, 3,790 of these samples reported on a positive nasopharyngeal
samples were inoculated and managed for culture as previously described. Interesting. Let's go
to where they're previously described. This is the paper that they previously described it in.
You can see that they're almost all the same authors just in different order. A total of 183
samples tested positive by RTPCR, including nine sputum samples, 174 nasopharyngeal swabs
from 1,155 patients were inoculated in cell cultures. SARS-CoV-2 RNA positivity in patient samples
was assessed by real-time PCR targeting the EG. Not the S, not the RNA dependent RNA polymerase,
not the N protein, the EG. That's it. So listen carefully. This is culturing coronavirus at the
beginning of the pandemic and showing 3,000 positives. All patients, 500 microliters of that swab fluid
or sputum were passed through a .22 micrometer pore filter that's to remove bacteria.
And then were inoculated in four wells of 96 well-culture microplates containing
zero-six eses, zero-E6 cells. After centrifugation, that's to get the stuff to go into the cell culture.
After centrifugation at 4,000 Gs, microplates were incubated at 37 degrees. They were observed daily
for evidence of cytopathogenic effect. Two subcultures were performed weekly. That means every
week they split them. So they moved the whatever was growing. They moved it into a new fresh
well with cells next to it. Two subcultures weekly presumptive detection of virus in supernatant
showing cytopathic effect was done in a scanning electron microscope. No images shown.
So if there was cytopathic effect, they assumed that there was a virus and they put it under the
microscope to see. But they didn't show you anything. And they don't tell you how many of those they
found anything in. There's no data from that. And then confirmed by specific PCR targeting the E gene.
It's a loop. Don't you see? It's just a loop. I tested positive for an E gene. Then they made
me cough into a dish. And then if any of those cells died, they said, wow, that's pretty cool.
That's a coronavirus because he tested positive for the E gene.
Now they tested again in that culture and find the E gene again. The E gene is not proof of a
coronavirus. The E gene doesn't prove that a coronavirus caused the cytopathic effects. These
are the objections that the no-virus people bring to the table. And these objections are very solid
for a vast majority of these papers during the pandemic. It is just an insufficient level
of scrutiny. It's an inefficient, insufficient level of control. And it is a giant pile of
assumption that is instead, interestingly enough, in this paper,
confusing people by saying hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin were effective at shortening
the duration of this read. And so this is another aspect of the immunomethology. You've got to be
very careful of so many of these repurposed drugs were given in combination with other drugs.
And then over and over sold as the drug. For example, this paper was pushed as evidence that
hydroxychloroquine could work without acknowledging that azithromycin is given with it.
The games that they have been playing are many. If we go back to before the pandemic to a guy like
Mark von Rontz, who was the flu commissioner for Belgium for the 2009 flu and got his own
infectious disease lab where he works on testing for coronavirus. Here he is arguing why we need
coronaviruses can't be found without using pan-coronavirus primers. He's got a whole book
chapter about how pan-coronavirus RT PCR assay for detection of all known. This is how they did it.
It's not specific, ladies and gentlemen, and these people have known that.
And so they tell you these stories about these imperfect genetic ghosts in the wild that have
potential to become permanent circulating pathogens. They talk about how if you let the wrong guy,
like Peter Desac, into the wrong Batcave, he can passage those viruses in cell culture and pull out
pandemic potential on the other side. They might also do it with ferrets someday, or worse yet,
somebody like Ralph Barrick will stitch a bunch of things together that should have never been there
and and will have a pandemic. In reality, the only potential danger that could be used and
weaponized against us is the production of RNA viruses using DNA clones. That is the danger.
That is the reason why they don't ever talk about it. They talk about gain of function
as a way of make sure that you don't understand that that's not the danger. There was never a
danger from coronavirus. Coronaviruses were always largely if they are part of this
causes of respiratory disease yearly, then they are part of a very benign set of some things that
float around. They are not part of this at never ending source of pandemic potential. So this is
what I think they did. They declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus, or which the PCR was
not specific. And yet they applied a unique and mostly detrimental protocol for respiratory
disease to those people that tested positive. And they enforced that with financial incentives.
This was all part of a military plan in the United States, which was ready to be executed
when the excuse was given and the excuse was given when these protocols were changed.
It could have been an infectious clone. You could have used a clone to see the same sequence in
Iran and Wuhan and in Italy. And that unique and identical sequence around the world would have
been a molecular selling point for their have being an ongoing pandemic. And if it was required
in order to fool these governments in in Europe and in in Italy and like Italy is not Europe. But
to fool these governments around the world, if that was required, a clone of a wild coronavirus
would have been more than sufficient for us to have seeded these things and then let the plan
roll on forward with just using this a specific PCR test.
Again, I want to plug Denny Rancor's data because it's so important to understand
how if there was a novel respiratory disease for which no one had any immunity, then there
would have been a predicted impact on all cause mortality and those predicted impacts were not
seen at all. And his analysis is is fantastic. And then finally, I just want to make sure I
remind you one more time that nobody should be using transfection. I was so excited to hear
someone say that earlier today. There's no debate. It should not be used in healthy humans. And up
until the pandemic, it was only used on people who were likely going to die anyway. So please
stop transfection because they want to eliminate the control group. Once everybody's been transfected
a few times, all of these ailments, all of these increases in illness and auto immunity will all
just blend into a background of increasing public health problems rather than being able to be
identified as, wow, the people who have triple transfected themselves are having worse and
worse outcomes a year on year, which I think is the truth that has already emerged and can only
emerge in greater and greater numbers as we move forward. Thank you for your patience.
I hope that was okay. That's the end of my presentation.
Jay, that was really interesting. Now, I'm just hoping to clarify a couple of things with you
and ask you something new. So you use the term transfection, which for most of us is a new term.
We think of mRNA technology, but that's a new term for transfection. So you're saying
transfection instead of mRNA vaccine because transfection is the correct term.
Yes, that's correct. So if I can add to that a little bit, for the academic bench biologist,
that means somebody that plays with mice or monkeys in a laboratory and they want to
change the local protein expression, upregulate it, downregulate it, maybe even knock down a gene,
there are ways that that's done and that's ways that's been done for about 20 years.
One way to do it is to use an adenovirus where you put the DNA of interest in coding the protein
that you want to express in that adenovirus and you put that adenovirus in the brain of the mouse
and it will go where it's going to go and express that protein. Using DNA to express protein in a
cell is called transformation. And if you use mRNA to do the same thing, you can use electricity
to put the mRNA in, you can use lipids like they're doing now. Sometimes people use gold particles.
There's lots of different ways to do it, but regardless of how you do it,
you use mRNA. It's called transfection. If you use DNA, it's called transformation.
And so if you go on the website of sigma or thermal fissure and you just look for transfection
products, they'll have a whole webpage on it. And there's no difference between the mRNA shots that
they're giving and any previous transfection technology except for maybe the proprietary bubble
that they put it in. But it's the same technique with the same lack of tissue specificity and dose
control that they've never been able to replicate in any other application of it.
Now you've said that we shouldn't use transfection in humans and can you explain,
give you reasons why we should not use transfection or as most of us know, mRNA technology in humans?
The proof is in the use. So in a laboratory animal, for example,
in your using transfection, you're inevitably going to get autoimmunity. Animals that are
transfected are not intended to live long, healthy lives. They're always sacrificed and then
their tissue is used to look at the changes that you made. And so up until very recently,
I don't think anybody's really thought about this as a very viable technique except to use for
somebody who's already going to die from like cancer or something like that. And the trick is
to realize, and I think that this is a very true statement, although I'm, I, this is more of a
gut feeling to me, but it's a gut feeling that a lot of other people have had for a long time.
It doesn't matter really. If you express a particular toxic protein, it doesn't have to be the spike.
If you've expressed a foreign protein in your cells and it's random cells in your body,
your immune system only can do one thing. It can unleash the neutrophils, destroy those cells,
and clean them up. Now, if those are your heart cells, it's permanent damage. If it's endothelial
cells, you have endothelial damage. If it's ovary cells, you have ovary damage. And this is a known
downside of transfection. You don't, it's just a, it's a blunt tool. It's been used for a long time
in academic medicine. And for 20 years, people have been dreaming about making it into a viable
therapeutic methodology, but they've never even come close to getting it to work in, in single
examples, nevermind on a scale of billions. And there is no other conclusion to come to
that if you want to treat, or beneficially, and a mammalian like a human that you want to live
for 20 more years, transfection is not a therapeutic option. And anybody that has sold it as such
has either been telling us allies or has been just really wrong. It's, it's not to be done.
There's just, there, it doesn't, it's not fit for purpose. They would like you to believe that
it is, but you could not, you cannot all usefully augment someone's immune system
by transfecting foreign proteins randomly in their, in their body. It's just ridiculous.
Okay. And, and your opinion on that is based on animal study after animal study after animal
study and some use in a very small subset of humans who are, you know, terminal with cancer
and things like that. Yeah. And also very, very anecdotal personal experience. I can tell you
one, three second story. I was asked to help do a experiment in squirrel monkeys where they
wanted to express a algae protein. It's a long story about why they would do that, but they
wanted to express this protein in the brain of the monkey so that they could manipulate
some circuitry and then go back to that brain region afterward and see what neurons they
manipulated and see how they were connected anatomically. And maybe that was going to be a good idea.
But when we started this experiment, I suggested to these primate, primate neuroscientists that
look, when we transfect a mouse, I've got a window of like, let's say three to four weeks
where I can do my experiment and everything is okay. But if I wait any longer than that,
the place where I, I initiated the transfection starts to have problems and starts to,
to have an immune reaction, which leads to a lot of neuronal death. So I tried to tell these,
these, these primate, primate scientists that like, if we do this experiment, we got to do it
on an animal that you're all done with, and that's already scheduled to be sacrificed,
because otherwise, you might just lesion that area of the brain in four months, and then
you won't even know what you did. Well, what did they do? Monkeys are expensive,
so you can't just sacrifice them. So they let this experiment run, I think for,
I think they let it run for 12, but it might even have been 18 weeks. And then when we did the
anatomy and we cut into that area, almost all the neurons were gone. And that's because again,
transfecting neurons and getting them to express foreign proteins is eventually a challenge that
your immune system can't ignore. And that is true no matter where transfection is done.
And, and, and in any current application of it, it should be an expected outcome. And it,
so that, yes, it's not fit for purpose. Right. Now, I wanted to go back, you've,
you've made the point, and I think it's important for people to understand, is coronaviruses are part of
just basically the environment that we live in. There's, there's a number, there's hundreds and
hundreds of coronaviruses. And, and so many that the conventional wisdom is, is that what did you
say 20 or 30% of our, you know, flu's, annual flu's are considered to be caused by one or
another of these hundreds of coronaviruses. That's, I've got that right. Yes, correct.
So what my question is, is this started with just a bang in the media in, in early 2020,
and all of a sudden we seem to be using a PCR test for a specific coronavirus that we're
told is, you know, SARS-COVID-2 or named COVID-19. Is it possible that there was a specific PCR test
for a specific new virus at that time? It's not, I don't think that it is,
it is possible for them to have had the fidelity to use the, the PCR's that they designed were not
designed, cannot be designed to be, to be specific the way that they were designed.
As far as I understand, for example, in, in Canada, after talking to Dr. David Spector,
they didn't have nested primers for your PCR, which means that, that any overlap on the PCR
sequences or partial overlap would likely result in amplification, which again, makes them
a specific for the genes that they're amplifying. And because this was a national security issue,
the, the goal would not have been to be as specific as possible. But of course, as you guys know in
Canada, to rope in all possible suspected cases. And so again, the more specific the test would be,
I think the less appropriate it would be for the national security threat. So there's motivation
for them to have not made a specific test. And more importantly, the background and,
and lack of fidelity means that they could not have made a, a such a specific test.
So the technology of the, the PCR, um, would it be your opinion then that they were basically
that PCR test would just be identifying a family of coronaviruses? At best, at best. And again,
remember, it's only identifying small fractions of the genome being present,
which does not in any way shape or form indicate infectivity or even the presence of a contiguous
virus, but just the presence of these genes, which are homologous across lots of coronaviruses. So
it's, it's a very, very different lack of fidelity relative to what is portrayed.
So, you know, if we had a, a multivitamin with, you know, a hundred different vitamins in it,
this is really a test for one vitamin and then pretending that there's a multivite there.
Just using an analogy that maybe people might understand, right? So think about that.
It's a bit more like saying that there's a, that not telling anybody that there are any
automobiles in the world and then saying, oh, there's a pandemic of Kia's and if we just test,
we can, lots of people end up having Kia's and it's like, wow, that's pretty crazy. And then,
oh, yeah, look, now we have, uh, Toyotas and now we have Hondas and as we change the,
what we're identifying with the test, it seems like, wow, it's spreading all around the world,
but those cars have always been there. And so in this case, they told us, I guess that there's an
epidemic of, of Teslas, which can be tested for, by looking for wheels and a, and four doors
and a windshield. And so when people tested their garage, they go, wow, I guess I got a Tesla too.
And, and it's probably closer to something like that, where the specificity is implied
when in reality, they're testing for things that all automobiles have. And so there is no pandemic
of a particular kind of automobile. It's just that the test is confirming everybody's got a car
or there are a lot of cars around. So just, just so that we're, we're clear. So if there,
if the test is nonspecific and even if, I mean, because it's just testing for a part that isn't
even, that is, it doesn't even tell us we have a whole genome, conceivably, then they could just
come up with another virus name, start running a bunch of PCR tests and convince us that we're
in the pandemic again. Absolutely, absolutely. I think this is the one you should almost assume
that's what's going to happen. That's their plan. That's what PCR has been established as they can.
That's what the who said in that article that I shared, genetics or genomic surveillance is a
good way of following these things. So they would like to sequence the sewer all the time. They
would like to, yeah, they would like to swab you monthly if they could. That's what they want,
definitely. Right. But it's really just a tempt us in the teapot. It's a phantom.
I mean, think of it this way, like rhinoviruses are a virus that we all know are very common,
part of the common cold bouquet. And we're not sequencing and doing PCR for rhinoviruses right
now, but they could. And as soon as they rolled those tests out and people that were asymptomatic
and then cycled them too far, you'd get a lot of false positives right away. And if they told you
it was one rhinovirus, instead of a specific for many, they could also convince you that,
look, it's changing. So it's very tricky game they've played on us.
Right. Now, do you have any information we've heard about people taking antibody tests?
For SARS-CoV-2. And do you have any information on whether or not those are realistic tests,
or whether to use your term, they would have high fidelity?
I think they're probably, if done correctly, they're actually probably very good at identifying
people with previous immunity. And recent exposure, it's tricky, right? Because they,
I think, use the antibody test as a way of emphasizing the seroprevalence to this
pike protein. So they get to choose what they search for when they say that they're going to
build this antibody test. If they were going to be honest with it, we would look at this papers
that we looked at today. And we see that the N gene or the N RNA is produced in the most abundance.
So the loudest signal to look for, if you were going to see as someone recently exposed to a
coronavirus would be that N protein. But there's almost no tests can find the N protein,
epitope immune response in people that are vaccinated. Because they don't have a natural
response to the virus anymore, which would be to respond to the RNA that gets produced the most,
and the protein that gets produced the most, they are responding to the protein that they
were forced to respond to. And that, that illusion was partially seeded by the idea of saying,
here's an antibody test for the spike protein, it can show you if you've been infected. And so
people got it in their head that, oh, the spike protein antibodies that tell if I'm infected,
when in reality, you'll have T cells to the RNA, dependent RNA polymerase,
and T cells to the N protein, and B cells to the N protein, all from overlapping previous
infections. So you could have tested positive before the pandemic too, because you had natural
immunity, you were exposed. So I guess to refine my question, I mean, I'm just wondering if it's
possible that there's an antibody test specific to what we're called as, you know,
COVID-19 or SARS COVID-2, as opposed to a antibody test, really for just this background
group of coronaviruses. I think we're really, where I think you and I would be buying in
to their simplified biology if we said that there was a SARS COVID-2 to separate from
all of these other viruses. No, it is. It's just interesting because I live in the drug approval
world regulation part. And for the, in Canada, we didn't have an emergency order that government
came out with, rather, we don't have an emergency pathway that they could use. We hear in the U.S.
this emergency approval. So we had an interim order that didn't define a specific virus. So
they defined COVID-19 as relating to something that was not a specific virus. And that's,
that got me very suspicious about our ability to identify a specific virus.
I mean, much of the literature supporting this, this panoply of viruses that's circulating in the
wild, if you look through this literature before the pandemic, you will find that entire papers are
written about the diversity of coronaviruses in bad caves by looking for a 296 base length
part of the RNA, dependent RNA polymerase. And if they find it, well, that's a, that's a, that's a
coronavirus. They find another one, that's a coronavirus. And we find all these and then we
make a little chart of how they're related. And this is a phylogenetic tree of bad coronaviruses.
No spike proteins, no, no full sequences, and no viruses cultured. Just genetic sequences
found using pan coronavirus primers for the RNA, dependent RNA polymerase.
And so to go from a, go from a literature, which is so amorphous to now we can definitively tell
you that this is the sequence and this is you positive or negative, all this stuff is just,
it's smoking mirrors. They do not have that fidelity.
Thank you. Those are my questions. I'll ask if the commissioners have some questions for you.
Thank you, Dr. Khoi for this very interesting presentation. I mean, you certainly did a lot of
effort to make it somewhat accessible for a lay person because, I mean, what you're
discussing is fairly complex. I have a background in virology and I, I develop
anovirus vaccine and all kinds of things. So I understand what you're coming from.
But there's a few questions that popped in my mind. Do you have experience growing viruses,
either small scale or large scale, or different type of viruses in your lab?
I only have had the privilege of working with somebody who does it for me. So no, I've never,
I've never enriched adenovirus, for example, or anything like that. It's stuff that,
that I take for granted that, that has been commercial, commercially available since,
I guess since I had my first lab. So for me, I take a lot of things, especially with adenovirus
production and, and the transformation experiments that I've done. I just take it as very commercially
accepted that adenovirus can be made and it can be packaged with the DNA that I want in there.
And my question has to do with the, your, your very interesting concept of infectious clone.
I mean, to me, it's not a big surprise because I know that even DNA viruses base,
would it be an OAV when you actually go to the trouble of doing deep sequencing and you isolate
clone based on plaque formation and you're very careful to make sure that it's clonal.
And you grow it just one cycle. You'll see variants immediately after one cycle of replication.
And as you pointed out, the fidelity of replication for DNA is more higher than RNA.
So I've always thought of RNA viruses from any, any source, would it be plant or bacteria or
mammalian viruses as kind of quasi species. I mean, the extreme being the HIV, where I mean,
where hepatitis, I mean, you, you find a lot of variation, which makes the characterization of a
clone that much more difficult. Having said that, we now have tool to do that. And I've noticed that
you were citing a paper from the Gia Raul's lab that has done, I've been following his work for
more than three years now. And he has done a large number of clonal isolation and tried to
characterize it, doing deep sequencing to confirm that it's not just the PCR sequence that they were
looking at. They were very thorough in order to do phylogenetic tree and so on. And are you
wondering whether when you actually isolate a clone from an individual that is sick? And now
you're trying to identify within this individual a clone or variant, and now they've called it
variants of concern and stuff like that. Are you questioning that the moment you start to grow it
in culture after a few cycle, you might end up with something that has already started to evolve
or have differences in the overall sequence, because it's a long genome and the fidelity of the
replication is not so great. So I assume that that happens. And that's the argument that
pervades my head when I think about the idea that we were told that from Wuhan to Washington,
to California, to New York and Italy, there were less than three amino acid differences for four
months. And thousands of people, hundreds of thousands of asymptomatic infections were supposedly
spreading around the world. But the virus was keeping a fidelity of of a ridiculous level.
And and the the original SARS virus that was tracked in 2002 had an average of between like
33 and 50 amino acid changes per patient for the first six months. And then this one changed
10 amino acids in the first six months. So the stability of this the portrayed
sequences has no previous biological precedent. So the only way that this this could have happened
is if somebody seeded this level of fidelity around the world, like put a clone there so that
everybody that they tested would have a cultural bull virus for a little while. And it would be
a sequence of very high homology with the ones they released elsewhere. And then they slowly
drifted away. They slowly recombined with the background. I don't even think that they would
have to do it with very many patients. If you look through the the literature, you will find a very
a large paucity of actual. And I'm talking about experiments now, like from from 2020,
where they really isolated the virus sequence and said, wow, it's pretty much the same.
It's not based on very many observations like that. America's entire pandemic is based on one
sequence collected in Seattle from the Sohomish County man. And that's it. Every other sequencing
reaction that was ever done was done behind CDC closed doors. And the sequences reported
only after the CDC decided to report them. There's no one sequencing in America and there never was.
And and so if these sequences are real as we are here now, the point is is what happened in 2020
was a portrayal of something that couldn't have happened. Now, we're talking about a background
sequencing coronaviruses when we've never sequenced them in this with this rigor before 2022.
It doesn't surprise me that we find all of this stuff. But to say that this is evidence of a
pandemic is very, very different. And I don't think that that's evidence of a pandemic. It's
evidence that those genetic sequences might be there. But he's got no data from 2019. So he
doesn't know if he would find the exact same data set had he started looking then.
So what we're seeing right now, though, I mean, in this Omicron era is that it seems that
when you do a rigorous analysis, you do find other types of variant that seems to be more prevalent
in the sense that I understand there's going to be a very wide diversity of different
sequence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus. But the one that seems to be growing better in a given population
in a given time will eventually be, if you want sample more frequently and in the end, you will
have a overrepresentation of this variant until another one was superseded. So that's kind of a
cycle. And it's probably it has probably been like that before we started to analyze the coronavirus.
You just didn't know about it. There you go. You just said it. If it was like this and this
pattern existed before the pandemic and they just announced it now, then we are being bamboozled.
It's like saying that where there's a pandemic of automobiles while forgetting that we've always
had them. So your hypothesis in terms of the endemic state is that we have been human population,
I've been in an endemic state of coronavirus that could give respiratory infection as other
viruses could like Reno and even Hano and RSV. You name it. And they somehow emerge more decided
that these antipical respiratory infection was triggered by this particular new virus that has
came in the environment and now was spreading all over the world. And it was almost the same
kind of virus everywhere. And you find that difficult to fathom with the way normally
coronaviruses will actually be in the environment. Is that your thesis in terms of a pandemic versus
having local reproduction of coronaviruses in the population? Right. Remember, the pandemic
definition is a virus that starts in a room and then spreads around the world without being able
to be stopped. And that is a very, very specific set of biological claims. And so the idea that
there are these many, many stories of people having an interesting respiratory disease
is completely and wholly disconnected from the idea that a pathogen or a virus is moving
around the world with high fidelity and is tracking with that disease. Because that is the illusion
of the PCR. If you assume that a PCR test identifies a case knowing that the PCR can be false,
positive, and also positive, false positive in the sense of a wrong coronavirus gene,
then we have a really huge problem because the statement that a virus was released at a point
and is still circulating the globe is not possible. And that requires an extraordinary
amount of evidence. Not it's an extraordinary claim. It requires an extraordinary amount of
evidence way beyond doctors saying that there's this new, I've seen a few people with a new
sickness. And so I decided not to give them antibiotics and throw them early on the ventilator and
give them some rendezivir. And they died. That's not an atypical respiratory disease.
They can't differentiate from that and mistreating it if you changed your protocols across the entire
nation. How can you call that a unique respiratory disease? When you stop treating the respiratory
disease, you're way used to. And you started giving rendezivir or medazolam or not giving them
steroids. All of these changes that were made and the autonomy taken away from doctors caused
unique respiratory symptoms. That's the more likely explanation than an RNA virus maintaining
fidelity for three years and now having a slightly different hat on that we call omega.
So if I understand what your hypothesis is, is that the source coronavirus, COV-2,
do exist and it can potentially induce diseases. But it was this kind of disease among all of the
other disease you can find from respiratory viruses was not the unique cause of this so-called
pandemic. And what we see in excess mortality is more likely attributed to what we've done in
terms of lack of treatment and also all of the things that we've imposed to quote-unquote control
the spread of the virus. Is that your working hypothesis? Absolutely, because if you talk about
how people died, you don't have to talk about very much virus. Absolutely. Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Dr. Kui, those are the questions of the panel. This was very illuminating. On behalf of the
National Citizens' Inquiry, we sincerely thank you for attending today and providing your testimony.
It was my honor. Thank you very much and I wish you guys the best of luck in this most important
endeavor.